then the spirit lifted me up and brought
me to the east gate of the Lord's house
which faces eastward and there at the
door of the gate were 25 men among whom
i saw jeiza nile a son of azor and
Palatine the son of benaiah princes of
the people and he said to me son of man
these are the men who devise iniquity
and give wicked counsel in this city who
say the time is not near to build houses
this city is the caldron and we are the
meat therefore prophesy against them
prophesy Oh son of man then the Spirit
of the Lord fell upon me speak thus says
the Lord thus you have said o house of
Israel for I know the things that come
into your mind you have multiplied your
slain in this city and you have filled
its streets with the slain therefore
thus says the Lord God
your slain whom you have laid in its
midst
they are the meat and this city is the
cauldron but I shall bring you out of
the midst of it you have feared the salt
and I will bring a sword upon you says
the Lord God and I will bring you out of
its midst and deliver you into the hands
of strangers and execute judgments on
you you shall fall by the sword
I will judge you at the border of Israel
then you shall know that I am the Lord
this city shall not be your cauldron nor
shall you be the meat in its midst I
will judge you at the border of Israel
and you shall know that I am the Lord
for you have not walked in my statutes
nor executed my judgments but have done
according to the customs of the Gentiles
which are all around you now it happened
while I was prophesying that pellit ayah
the son of benaiah died then I fell on
my face and cried with a loud voice and
said O Lord God will you make a complete
end of the remnant of Israel
again the word of the Lord came to me
son of man your brethren your relatives
your countrymen and all the house of
Israel in its entirety are those about
whom the inhabitants of Jerusalem have
said get far away from the Lord
this land has been given to us as a
physician therefore say thus says the
Lord God although I have cost them far
off among the Gentiles and although I
have scattered them among the countries
yet I shall be a little century for them
in the countries where they have gone
therefore say thus says the Lord God I
will gather you from the peoples
assemble you from the countries where
you have been scattered and I will give
you the land of Israel and they will go
there and they will take away all its
detestable things and all its
abominations from there then I will give
them one heart and I will put a new
spirit within them and take the stony
heart out of their flesh and give them a
hearts of flesh that they may walk in my
statutes and keep my judgments and do
them and they shall be my people
and I will be their God but as for those
whose hearts follow the desire for their
detestable things and their abominations
I will recompense their deeds on their
own heads says the Lord God
so the cherubim lifted up their wings
with the wheels beside them and the
glory of the God of Israel was high
above them
and the glory of the Lord went up from
the midst of the city and stood on the
mountain which is on the east side of
the city
then the spirit took me up and brought
me in a vision by the Spirit of God into
Chaldea to those in captivity
and the vision that I had seen went up
from me so I spoke to those in captivity
of all the things the Lord had shown me
[Music]
you